L-BFGS implementation (#128)
google/jaxopt: docs/line_search.rst

Line search
===========

Given current parameters :math:`x_k` and a descent direction :math:`p_k`,
the goal of a line search method is to find a step size :math:`\alpha_k`
such that the one-dimensional function

.. math::

  \varphi(\alpha_k) \triangleq f(x_k + \alpha_k p_k)

is minimized or at least a sufficient decrease is guaranteed.

Sufficient decrease and curvature conditions
--------------------------------------------

Exactly minimizing :math:`\varphi` is often computationally costly.
Instead, it is often preferred to search for :math:`\alpha_k` satisfying certain conditions.

> The **Wolfe conditions** are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One example of these conditions are the Wolfe conditions. The **Wolfe conditions** are
```

.. math::

    \begin{aligned}
    f(x_k + \alpha_k p_k) &\le f(x_k) + c_1 \alpha_k \nabla f(x_k)^\top p_k \\
    \nabla f(x_k + \alpha_k p_k)^\top p_k &\ge c_2 \nabla f(x_k)^\top p_k
    \end{aligned}

> where :math:`0 < c_1 < c_2 < 1`. See Nocedal and Wright, equations (3.6a) and (3.6b).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where :math:`0 < c_1 < c_2 < 1`. These conditions are explained in greater detail in Nocedal and Wright, equations (3.6a) and (3.6b).
```
